Update documentation for pybids (#164)
akhanf/snakebids: docs/running_snakebids/overview.md

Note that if any rules in the Snakebids workflow use Singularity containers, special precautions must be taken to ensure the input dataset is bound to the Singularity environment. Either:

1. Inputs are copied into a working subdirectory of the output directory before any processing that requires a Singularity container is performed, or:
2. The `SINGULARITY_BINDPATH` environment variable binds the location of the input dataset.

Indexing of large datasets can be a time-consuming process. Snakebids, through `PyBIDS` has the ability to create or leverage an existing database, requiring indexing of datasets to be only performed when user chooses to do so (usually if the dataset has changed)! Note, this feature is **opt-in**, meaning it is not used unless the associated config variables are used. To opt-in:

1. Uncomment the lines in `snakebids.yml` containing `pybids_db_dir` and `pybids_db_reset`.

> 1. The variables can be updated directly in this file or through the CLI by using `--config pybids_db_dir={path}` to update the database path and `--config pybids_db_reset={True/False}` to indicate whether the database should be updated.

Author: Fixed in df1fc94.

> 1. The variables can be updated directly in this file or through the CLI by using `-pybidsdb-dir {dir}` to update the database path and `--reset-db` to indicate whether the database should be updated. _Note: CLI arguments take precendence if both CLI and config variables are set._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The variables can be updated directly in this file or through the CLI by using `-pybidsdb-dir {dir}` to specify the database path and `--reset-db` to indicate that the database should be updated. _Note: CLI arguments take precendence if both CLI and config variables are set._
```
Nitpick to clarify that there doesn't need to be an existing database path to update and that `--reset-db` is a store_true argument.

Author: Committed suggestions in 7336a1a
